Add remote platform docs to directv (#12365)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/directv.markdown

| `entity_id`            |      yes | Target a specific media player. Defaults to all.                                                                                                                       |
| `media_content_id`     |       no | The channel number to change to.                   |
| `media_content_type`   |       no | A media type. Has to be `channel`.

## Remote

> The DirecTV remote platform allows you to send remote control buttons to a DirecTV receiver. It is automatically setup when a DirecTV receiver is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DirecTV remote platform allows you to send remote control buttons to a DirecTV receiver. It is automatically set up when a DirecTV receiver is configured.
```

At the moment, the following buttons are supported:

> - power

Reviewer: I would suggest making those code blocks, as they are all values that can be used.

i.e.:
```suggestion
- `power`
```
